this beautifully designed home is
perfect for the growing family and it'll
make your friends and family envious the
exterior has a charming curb appeal and
a significant amount of stonework on the
columns with a spacious front verandah
the lucky homeowner will enjoy soaking
up the Sun on the veranda with the home
situated right across the street from a
future Park a very welcoming large 48
greets your guests the main floor
bathroom is conveniently tucked away off
the front entry to provide some
convenient privacy the FOIA is open to a
large great room providing ample space
for entertaining or family living the
room features ample natural light with
large windows along the front and extra
windows along the wall and the hardwood
flooring provides this attainable home
with a feeling of modest luxury the
large kitchen with dining area comes
complete with a large island perfect for
casual eating or for cooking up a storm
the kitchen features gorgeous Snowden
white quartz countertops with the raised
eating bar a kitchen tile backsplash and
cappuccino cabinets this area is sure to
be a popular visiting area for friends
and family the stairwell has a beautiful
stained maple railing with metal
spindles as you head upstairs along with
natural lighting provided by a
convenient window.location the second
story features three good-sized bedrooms
to suit a family of any age bedroom
number two would be perfect for an
office or one of the children while
bedroom number three is decorated as a
nursery for the young growing family the
main second floor bathroom is oversized
for home of this modesty providing ample
space for the kids to get ready for
school in the morning from the parents
the spacious hallways also lead to your
conveniently tucked away upstairs closet
laundry the large master bedroom is
perfect for the lucky couple to relax
after a hectic day this luxurious
ensuite features a shower with a
beautiful tile surround
this is 8714 sherwood drive and this
1557 square foot 2 story is an
attainable home for any family but feels
like it shouldn't be with its feeling of
luxury